== Appdoc

Appdoc allows you to easily add documentation to your web app.


== Installation

Appdoc has been tested through Rails 3.0.10.

Add the following to your Gemfile
 
  gem "appdoc"
  
From the command line

  > bundle install
  
After you install Appdoc, you will need to run the generator:
  
  > rails generate appdoc
  > rake db:migrate
  
Customize 'config/initializers/appdoc_config.rb' to suit your needs: 
  
  Appdoc.config do |config|
    config.delimiter = " "  #changing this line may affect the functionality of this gem.
    config.autocompleteValues = ["dashboard", "users"]
    config.minSearchLength = 2
    config.placeholder = "Start typing for suggested tags"
  end
  
For authentication, Appdoc supports both {devise}[https://github.com/plataformatec/devise] and {cancan}[https://github.com/ryanb/cancan].

Appdoc uses {declarative_autorization}[https://github.com/stffn/declarative_authorization] for role based permissions. Though not required, this is recomended if you want to prevent certain users from creating, editing, and destroying documents. 


You are now good to go!


== Usage

To find all the documents related to a certain page, try the following

  Document.tagged_with(controller.controller_name)
  
You can use this to show all the documents tagged with the current page. For example, if you have a 'Product' model, you can add the tag 'products' to the faq page you want displayed on Products#index.

For more examples on how to use tags, see {acts-as-taggable-on}[https://github.com/mbleigh/acts-as-taggable-on].


== Customization

Appdoc uses Kaminari for pagination. To customize the pagination themes, see https://github.com/amatsuda/kaminari/blob/master/README.rdoc under "Customizing the pagination helper".
